---
author: ShadowStitch
type: post
date: 2000-09-15T00:00:00+00:00
url: /archives/1414
categories:
  - General

---
Okay, mini-rant time.  
<font size="1">In the handy &#8220;petite&#8221; size.</font>

<font size="1">&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp Okay, kids. Maybe it&#8217;s just the fact that my little Virtua On Hardware experiment didn&#8217;t go entirely as planned, but I&#8217;m was in a pretty foul mood when my good friend Markham sent me a link to this place, aptly named, <a target="_blank" href="http://www.iloveholly.com">Iloveholly.com.</a> But before you click that link, and grace the site with another &#8216;hit, read the following rant.<br /> It&#8217;s yet another little ego-stroke website, put up by yet another cute little social deviant/elitist chick. The web seems to be overflowing with beautiful people who want the world to know their unique wisdom, and more importantly, see them. (for a small fee, of course) And they believe that they are honestly worth it&#8230; I&#8217;m sure it couldn&#8217;t be further from the truth. (Of course, the reader will automatically assume that the following smacks of unrequited lust or jealousy or both, and even though this is not the case, feel free to believe whatever you like.) I&#8217;m so sick of people thinking we want to see gallery after gallery of photos of them. In rare cases, when they&#8217;re getting nekkid, this is fine, but for the most part, the pics I speak of are blurry, ill-angled webcam shots that give people an excellent idea of the encroachingly deformed mass of your forehead, or a blurry idea of your physique from a meter or two away. It only gets worse when they ask people to pay them for the privelege. You give them money, and maybe, once or twice a week at predetermined times, you see them sitting in front of their computer, doing whatever they do. (personally, I would love to have my own cam, and charge people to watch me sit at my computer and bite my fingernails and drink sprite. There&#8217;s an idea, corporate sponsorship&#8230;) This irks me to no end, ESPECIALLY when they have such a high opinion of themselves that they feel the need to glut their page with a hundred thumbnails of themself, from said webcam. Most of the time, people like that are convinced they are pretty. They know it. They&#8217;re vain creatures, deep within whatever outer candy shell they&#8217;ve created to show the world. (and I&#8217;m sure if you asked them, they&#8217;d tell you that isn&#8217;t the case.) If you email them to tell them how much you like their site, they&#8217;re going to automatically assume it&#8217;s because you think they&#8217;re attractive. If you write them hate mail, they&#8217;ll think the same thing. Their sites exist for the sole reason of egotism, and that&#8217;s going to be the foremost thought in their mind when they read the comments about said website. <br />The more I become acquainted with people in general, the more I realize that the beautiful people are meat. They have properly categorized themselves as useless, yet attractive &#8220;things.&#8221; Like a lamp or a chair. They are things that are pretty to look at, and they are self-servient in their roles, giving the rest of us something to stare at. When people read playboy, do they really CARE what the models&#8217; hobbies are? In the &#8220;Miss Indeterminate Landmass&#8221; competitions, do we CARE about the girls&#8217; &#8220;talents&#8221;? It seems that people who are not necessarily outright stunning in their appearances have real personalities to make up for the fact that they can&#8217;t attract people by the sheer force of their bodily attractiveness. Which is not to say that there is a direct inverse proportion between beauty and wit; I won&#8217;t even open <b>that</b> can of worms&#8230;but that one finds when one can&#8217;t beguile with a wink, that one must resort to &#8230;other methods of coercion. Ones that require thought and forethought, planning and preparation, wit and wile.<br /> Anyways, there was no real point to this rant, no major epitome I was trying to reveal, it was just because I hate those sites, and I felt that you should too. Now, if you feel you <b>must,</b> go back up to the top, and click the link to see the site in question. And bear in mind, which would you rather see? The girl in question&#8217;s disjointed journal (detailing her fascinating life of shopping, drinking, and socializing.) or her gallery of photographs, (in which she prances around quite often in varying degrees of nudity)&#8230;.</p> 

<p>
  <center>
    Shadowstitch.com&#8230;disillusionment in the guise of yoo-hoo. Shake..it&#8217;s great!
  </center></font>
</p>