---
author: ShadowStitch
type: post
date: 2000-06-09T00:00:00+00:00
url: /archives/1184
categories:
  - General

---
Something really funny that happened today.

I was driving along Woodward ave. (a 4-lane road), and I was coming upon a stoplight (Which was at an intersection of another 4-lane road running perpendicular. The light was green) about 40 feet in front of me. I was preparing to continue my way happily through when I noticed, in the lane beside mine (there were no other cars about) up by the stoplight, was a pickup truck, with its brakelights on, stopped akimbo in the intersection. And a large dust cloud was escaping it, further into the intersection. Now, I&#8217;m not one to gawk, and I hate those people who stop to stare at things in the road, so I took a haphazard glance out the passenger side window as I drove past the pickup&#8230;..  
And what I saw, making the dust, was a pull-behind trailer full of lumber racing along of its own accord, past the intersection, and into the corner Texaco, where it, in the exact 3 seconds I happened to be staring at it, collided with a big stupid SUV attempting to leave the gas station.  
The wood went flying up and under and around the car; the most part of the stack serving to pin the drivers side door shut, while the bottommost beams slid out inder the bottom of the SUV, coming to rest on the other side of the thing (as I could see as I drove past it, affording myself a better view of the OTHER side of the SUV)  
Like I said, I&#8217;m not the type to stop and gawk, so I kept on driving; my two passengers hadn&#8217;t even seen it, and I remarked as I drove past and realized exactly what I had just seen, a Rogue Trailer on the rampage. They turned around in time to see the results of the crash, but not the impact itself.

<font size="1">Well, <b>I</b> thought it was neat.</font>