---
author: Tara
type: post
date: 2000-06-08T00:00:00+00:00
url: /archives/1186
categories:
  - General

---
The only really \*haunted\* place I have ever seen with my own eyes is the old Forks of Cypress slave house, the one that wasn&#8217;t there anymore when I saw it. Since then I have done extended research into that place, and I found out a few interesting facts. For one thing, it is at the fork of two creeks, which fits in with Unxmaal&#8217;s idea. For another thing, the main house was built on an Indian burial mound. The tribe whose ancestors were buried there begged James Jackson to keep it as it was, to not disturb it in any way, so that although they were being herded to Oklahoma at the time, they could journey back with their children someday and let the children get in touch with the spirits of their ancestors. James Jackson totally agreed, promised to keep it pristine, and as soon as they were gone he built a mansion on top of the mound. Note that that mansion is no longer there. In fact, note also that the Jackson family no longer even owns the grounds. James Jackson also had a good bit of hard luck in his life, after he did that.  
I&#8217;ve never really seen anything else that strange in my life. I&#8217;ve gone ghost hunting quite a lot in the past few years, but I&#8217;ve never found anything like what I stumbled on by accident there. Soon after I started driving, I began going by the Forks of Cypress plantation, just for the hell of it. I noticed this old slave house right by the road. I can still remember it, right down to the pattern of the walls. That fall my history class took a field trip to the plantation, and to my complete surprise, the house was gone.  
&#8220;What happened?&#8221; I asked a friend. &#8220;It was here a month ago! Surely I would have heard about it if something had happened to it, right?&#8221;  
This earned me a curious look. &#8220;What are you talking about? That slave cabin burned down four years ago.&#8221;  
Oh.  
I freaked out. Nothing like that had ever happened to me before. Ever. Nothing like that has happened since. It&#8217;s the one paranormal happening that I have ever come across. I developed a theory that those who didn&#8217;t know the house was gone could still see it, and scared the bejesus out of ShadowStitch and Paul testing the theory out.  
I can see ley lines and mana playing a part in this, but I can also see pissed off dead people having a lot to do with it as well&#8230;