---
author: Unxmaal
type: post
date: 2000-08-09T00:00:00+00:00
url: /archives/1358
categories:
  - General

---
I&#8217;m currently testing out [Mozilla][1] Milestone 17, and I must say: _download it and try it now_.

This release proves that Mozilla has finally reached a level of stability that competes with IE, and I&#8217;m truly impressed. I&#8217;d installed Mozilla M15 a while back, and promply uninstalled it about five minutes later. 

What I like about Mozilla: 

>   * It&#8217;s fast. No, I mean, it&#8217;s _very_ fast. Pages load considerably faster in M17 than in IE5.5 . 
>       * It&#8217;s small, weighing in at about six megs. 
>           * It has full PNG graphics support, including transparency. 
>               * The security and privacy features are wonderful! Mozilla allows you to disable cookies completely, or allow them to be set, providing they are only sent back to the originating server. Furthermore, Mozilla allows this same amount of control over _images_. This means that you can disable all images that aren&#8217;t stored on the website you&#8217;re currently viewing, such as banner ads. Furthermore, you can control this on a per-site basis, from the &#8220;Tasks -> Security and Privacy&#8221; menu. 
>                   * Mozilla is skinnable. You can change the interface whenever you want. 
>                       * When you view a page&#8217;s source, it shows it in pretty color-coded text. </p></blockquote> 
>                         Currently, the only downside I&#8217;ve noticed is that Blogger hates Mozilla. It doesn&#8217;t work at all, so don&#8217;t bother trying. I&#8217;m not sure if this is the fault of Blogger or of Mozilla, or both. Hopefully it&#8217;ll get fixed soon.

 [1]: http://www.mozilla.org