---
title: Zealotry
author: Unxmaal
type: post
date: 2002-10-04T00:00:00+00:00
url: /archives/774
categories:
  - General

---
In response to some of the comments in the prior post:

I don&#8217;t own stock in Apple. I don&#8217;t make any cash off telling people that Apples are better. I have no vested interest in doing so, and in some ways, advocating Macs is shooting myself in the foot. Macs have made me more efficient, and if I&#8217;m competing against you for a job, I prefer having as much of an advantage as possible.

By eliminating the constant repairs and incessant tweaking that all of my PCs required just to remain functional, I now have more time to do work, and the work that I do is higher quality. I also have free time that I sometimes even spend away from computers. No, really.

I don&#8217;t recommend Macs for gamers. Gamers are much better off spending as much money as possible [to the extent of foregoing food and clothing] on the fastest and bestest processors, motherboards, ram, and video cards available this week. [Hint: make friends with gamers. Their hardware becomes obsolete on a daily basis, so you can pick up some good gear for cheap. They&#8217;ll also need the money.] 

I also don&#8217;t recommend Macs for people who tie their self-worth to their computers&#8217; megahertz rating. These folks will never be satisfied with a Mac, because the Mhz rating looks so small, pink, floppy, and short. The Mhz rating for Intel and AMD machines looks big, black, hard, and full of huge blue veins, all throbbing with big sexy tumescence. Remember folks, everyone likes a long thick beefy clock  
rating. 

If the tools you choose to use allow you to be efficient, and you truly do not waste inordinate amounts of time repairing them, then yes, it would be foolish of you to switch to a different platform. However, if you find yourself wasting time every day coaxing your PC into doing something that should be simple, or if you find yourself constantly dumping money onto your PC in a vain attempt to keep it marginally functional, year after year, then you just might consider switching.