---
title: OSX86
author: Unxmaal
type: post
date: 2002-04-13T00:00:00+00:00
url: /archives/672
categories:
  - General

---
Every once in a while, usually during a slow news period, some OSOpinion dork will post something about [HOW APAL SHUD PUT OSSXX ON TEH PEE CEE!111][1]. 

This will never happen. Ever. 

At least not in the way you think. Apple might switch from the Motorola g-chips to an x86 chip, but the OS will never officially run on off-the-shelf x86 PCs.

If Apple were to release a version of OSX for the PC, they&#8217;d be squashed like a little bug by Microsoft within two years. 

Apple is a big corporation, but they&#8217;re small compared to others in the PC industry. They have their niche, and they&#8217;ve had this amazing way of [making money][2], even during a recession. 

By releasing OS X for PC, they&#8217;d be a tiny company competing against Microsoft, on Microsoft&#8217;s home turf. Plus, they&#8217;d have to support the near-infinite variety of PCs and hardware, which would put an added drain on their support budget. Even better, all those apps would have to be recompiled or emulated to work on the x86. Since they&#8217;re making money now, and this idea is doomed to fail, why would they ever do this?

The answer is: they won&#8217;t. Ever. So stop asking. Go buy a Mac. It&#8217;s seriously worth the extra expense. 

And by the way, according to some quick research, Macs don&#8217;t depreciate as much as PCs do. A Powermac g4/400, top of the line for 1999, sells on Ebay for about $800. The equivalent top model PC for 1999, a 600mhz PC tower, sells for $200.

 [1]: http://www.osopinion.com/perl/story/17176.html
 [2]: http://cbs.marketwatch.com/tools/quotes/newsarticle.asp?siteid=mktw&sid=609&guid=%7BC2F34E36%2DFA0D%2D4460%2D91BA%2D1908CC27D2F5%7D