---
title: HP Sucks
author: Unxmaal
type: post
date: 2002-09-08T00:00:00+00:00
url: /archives/763
categories:
  - General

---
I&#8217;ve always said &#8220;avoid computer products with &#8216;pack&#8217; in the name, like &#8220;Compaq&#8221; or &#8220;Packard-Bell&#8221;. I didn&#8217;t follow my own rule this weekend, though, when I got a Hewlett-PACKard Scanjet 3500C. 

The box advertised it as being OSX-compatible. The Compusa sales droid assured me it was OSX-compatible. However, when I got the scanner home, installed the software from the included CD, and connected it to my iBook, nothing happened. After a few more gyrations, I decided to download the newest updated [driver][1]. Holy crap! At 200MB, this &#8216;driver update&#8217; weighed in like a Microsoft service pack! 

An hour later, I installed the new drivers, rebooted, and hey, the scanner worked! Except.. the iBook was running at 100% CPU utilization. And said utilization continued after I closed the scanner application. Hmm. I unplugged the power adapter from the scanner, and the iBook froze. Woops! I plugged the power back in, and the iBook was happy again, except for the 100% utilization. I unplugged the USB connector from the scanner, and BLAM! the iBook had a kernel panic and had to be turned off. Eventually I discovered that the only way to use the HP Scanjet 3500C without crashing my iBook was to manually &#8216;kill -9&#8217; the HP driver process from the terminal. This, to me, indicated that HP really blows ponies.

After testing and getting the same results on my G4, I packed the HP Scanjet 3500C [C is for crappy, it&#8217;s good enough for me] into its box and lugged it back to Compusa. I did have to use my evil death stare on the manager-droid, but she eventually grudgingly refunded my money. For the same price, I purchased the Canon [LiDE 30][2], which required a 170KB driver install, no reboot, and worked on the first try.

 [1]: http://versiontracker.com/moreinfo.fcgi?id=15999&db=mac
 [2]: http://guide.apple.com/action.lasso?-database=macosguide&-layout=cgi_detail&-response=/ussearch/detail.html&prodkey=55200&-search