---
title: Mobility
author: Unxmaal
type: post
date: 2004-03-26T00:00:00+00:00
url: /archives/951
categories:
  - Tech

---
In response to Tara&#8217;s [PDA question][1]. 

I agree with Warren: get a Bluetooth-enabled phone, such as the Sony Ericsson T610. It&#8217;s excellent. 

I use a tiered &#8216;mobility&#8217; system: 

Tier 1 is the base station, which is my G4. I use iCal and Address Book.app on it. All data entry and long-term calendaring /corrections/should be done here. The data stored here should be held as &#8220;true&#8221;, over all systems.

Tier 2 is the work station, which is my iBook. I use iCal and Address Book.app on it. I do almost all of my data entry here, and clean it up on the base station. The iBook is a mobile workstation, so I can lug it anywhere, change or create stuff, and eventually sync that data with the base station.

Tier 3 is the T610 cellphone. This is the most mobile device, and as such, it should be the smallest of the three devices, so that I can carry with me virtually everywhere. It stores a current copy of my calendar, address book, and notes. It acts as a reminder via its alarm feature. In a crunch, I can add phone numbers to its address book, or appointments to the calendar, and they&#8217;ll be synced all the way back to the base station. However, adding these entries is a lot slower than entering them at either Tier 1 or Tier 2. That&#8217;s ok because I enter data on this device significantly less frequently than on the other two devices.

Really, there is a deeper layer to this, a Tier 0: an Internet-based storage site. In my case, it would be my .Mac account, which stores the address book and calendar info remotely, where it is accessible from both Tier 1 and Tier 2. 

Tier 3 was once a PDA. For a while, it was even my iPod. However, by getting the T610, I could eliminate one device that I had to carry around everywhere.

 [1]: http://www.burningpaper.net/archives/003833.html#003833