---
title: PowerMac G4
author: Unxmaal
type: post
date: 2018-01-28T00:00:00+00:00
url: /archives/1960
categories:
  - General

---
I&#8217;m writing this on a PowerMac &#8220;Mirrored Drive Door&#8221; G4, running Classilla browser on MacOS 9.2.2. 

It was built in or around 2002, and lived at a printing company until they closed at the end of last year. 

I sought out a MDD G4 specifically, as it is the last G4 that can boot MacOS 9. From what I&#8217;ve read, Apple produced it, grudgingly, to appease designers and musicians who didn&#8217;t want to migrate thousands of dollars&#8217; worth of software and hardware to OS X.

This thing really, really didn&#8217;t want to boot Classic.

For starters, it was running OS X 10.5 Leopard. Leopard appears to not be able to create volumes that MacOS 9 could use. For that, I&#8217;d need Tiger, which I didn&#8217;t have. 

After some digging, I found a version of MacOS 9 that appears to have been modified in 2013 to better support the &#8216;unsupported&#8217; G4s. (If you&#8217;re looking for it, click [here][1] ). I extracted the zip, then burned the .iso to a blank CD ROM. 

Physical media. Like a cave man.

During the boot and reboot process, the MDD would get confused about its startup volume, so I&#8217;d have to manually tell it what to do. **This involved holding the &#8220;option&#8221; key**, from just after the boot chime until the startup volume selector screen appeared.

When the MDD was booted off the new CD, I used its included disk utilities to partition one of the internal drives to be less than 128GB &#8212; MacOS 9 can&#8217;t handle more than that. Following the included README doc, I ran the &#8220;Apple Software Restore&#8221;, which transferred a live MacOS 9 image to my new volume.

After a reboot, the MDD appeared to boot up ok, until it crashed at the desktop. I spent the next half hour tediously holding shift on boot to disable all extensions, disabling  
individual extensions in the Extension Manager, and rebooting to test. Eventually I narrowed it down to buggy ATI display drivers.

For the uninitiated: MacOS 9 is really weird. 

Some have said MacOS Classic is barely an operating system at all; instead being a file manager with some user-experience control panels glued on top. It definitely _feels_ faster: app launches, file opens, window movements all appear to snap faster than on OS X (or Windows or Linux). 

The way it handles multitasking is also radically different than modern OSes. Whatever app you&#8217;re using has the resources. The entire time I&#8217;ve been writing this post, nothing has dinged or honked or buzzed at me. The other apps are just hanging out, waiting for focus. 

I had no issues getting the MDD onto my local intranet. It had a DHCP-provided IP address without any intervention on my part. I was easily able to see another G3 PowerMac&#8217;s shared files, and copy them over, although the G3 did crash while copying the &#8220;large&#8221; 3GB worth of files.

Internet browsing on MacOS 9 is painful at best. The current best browser, [Classilla][2], has SSL cert issues with most sites. Facebook works, because Classilla pretends to be a &#8216;mobile browser&#8217;. Some sites won&#8217;t load at all.

After all this, no regrets. I can play SimCity 2000 natively.

 [1]: http://www.macintoshrepository.org/571-mac-os-9-2-2-install-for-unsupported-g4s-like-fw800-mdd-g4-with-cpu-5-9-mac-rom-10-2-1-
 [2]: http://www.floodgap.com/software/classilla/